pgb-camera
==========
## navigator.camera.getPicture

Takes a photo using the camera, or retrieves a photo from the device's
image gallery.  The image is passed to the success callback as a
base64-encoded `String`, or as the URI for the image file.  The method
itself returns a `CameraPopoverHandle` object that can be used to
reposition the file selection popover.

    navigator.camera.getPicture( cameraSuccess, cameraError, cameraOptions );

### Description

The `camera.getPicture` function opens the device's default camera
application that allows users to snap pictures. This behavior occurs
by default, when `Camera.sourceType` equals
`Camera.PictureSourceType.CAMERA`.  Once the user snaps the photo, the
camera application closes and the application is restored.

If `Camera.sourceType` is `Camera.PictureSourceType.PHOTOLIBRARY` or
`Camera.PictureSourceType.SAVEDPHOTOALBUM`, then a dialog displays
that allows users to select an existing image.  The
`camera.getPicture` function returns a `CameraPopoverHandle` object,
which can be used to reposition the image selection dialog, for
example, when the device orientation changes.

The return value is sent to the `cameraSuccess` callback function, in
one of the following formats, depending on the specified
`cameraOptions`:

- A `String` containing the base64-encoded photo image.

- A `String` representing the image file location on local storage (default).

You can do whatever you want with the encoded image or URI, for
example:

- Render the image in an `<img>` tag, as in the example below

- Save the data locally (`LocalStorage`, [Lawnchair](http://brianleroux.github.com/lawnchair/), etc.)

- Post the data to a remote server

__NOTE__: Photo resolution on newer devices is quite good. Photos
selected from the device's gallery are not downscaled to a lower
quality, even if a `quality` parameter is specified.  To avoid common
memory problems, set `Camera.destinationType` to `FILE_URI` rather
than `DATA_URL`.
